Milin edit documentation python threads example (#1328)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/threading/threading.md

```

The `threading` module must first be imported before thread constants can be created and their methods can be used.

## Example

This example prints out some messages from both the main thread and separate threads:

```py
import threading
import time
import random

def slow_function(thread_index):
    time.sleep(random.randint(1, 10))  # simulates waiting time, for example an API call response
  print("Thread {} done!".format(thread_index))

> def run_threads():
>   threads = []
>   for thread_index in range(5):
>     individual_thread = threading.Thread(target=slow_function, args=(thread_index,))
>     threads.append(individual_thread)
>     individual_thread.start()
>   # at this point threads are running independently from the main flow of application and each other
>   print("Main flow of application")
>   for individual_thread in threads:
>     individual_thread.join()
>   # joining threads insures that all threads finished their task before moving further in the main flow of application
>   print("All threads are done")
> 
> run_threads()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def run_threads():
  threads = []
  
  for thread_index in range(5):
    individual_thread = threading.Thread(target=slow_function, args=(thread_index,))
    threads.append(individual_thread)
    individual_thread.start()

  # at this point threads are running independently from the main flow of application and each other
  print("Main flow of application")
  
  # This ensures that all threads finish before the main flow of application continues
  for individual_thread in threads:
    individual_thread.join()
  
  print("All threads are done")

run_threads()
```

```

> This results in output like the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This results in output like the following:
```
